Hello my friends.
I hope you are feeling fantastic now.
After this first date of depressing phase that we tackled in a flashlight together.
Now we are ready for the exciting step which is to train the multiple in our regression or on the training
set that we now collected thanks to the previous step.
But first before we do this I would like to answer two important questions.
The first question is do we have to avoid you know to do something to avoid the dummy variable trap.
And the answer is no because indeed the multiple in our regression class that we are about to import
and which will build the multiple in our regression model itself and actually also train it because
remember that a class actually can complete several actions including building it and training it and
well this class will automatically avoid this trap which means that indeed you know one of the three
first columns here because remember Carol explained that one is a redundant well will automatically
be outcast.
So you have nothing to worry about regarding the dummy variable trap.
You don't have to remove one of the columns here and that's the beauty of classes.
You know these are advanced implementations that allow you to build a moral and machinery model in just
a few lines of code and this will take care of the dummy variable trap for you.
Now second question Do we have to work on the features to select the best ones with you know the techniques
that Carol introduced to you like for example backward elimination.
Do we have to deploy the backward elimination technique in order to select the features that have the
highest p values and and there are the most artistically significant.
And the answer is once again no.
Why is that.
Well for the exact same reason as the dummy variable trap the class that we're about to call to build
are multiple in our regression model will automatically identify the best features of the features that
have the highest p values or that are the most statistically significant to figure out how to predict
the dependent variable.
You know the profit with the highest accuracy.
So once again you don't have to worry about this.
The class of psychic learn you know this amazing Data Science Library will take care of everything for
you.
Okay.
So I'm glad I answered these two questions.
You know the purpose of building machinery most today is to be efficient because in your career you
know I can't tell you how many times I had to test several machinery models on my data sets and select
the best one.
Well you know if I had to deploy the backward elimination technique on my dataset Well I would have
lost a lot of time.
And here we have a class that takes care of everything.
You just have to deploy your class on your data set and then you will get an accuracy and you will compare
that accuracy with the accuracy of the other models.
And you know that process is called model selection.
That's what we actually cover and the parts and of this course.
So really I want you to be efficient with you know your implementations and your machine learning tool
kit so that you can optimize your model selection process.
All right.
So now that we said this Well let's build together the multiple in our regression model and now actually
I have some good news because you know we're still doing linear regression and in the previous section
we actually did simple in our regression with which we therefore had one feature in our dataset and
now we're doing multiple in our regression which is exactly the same as simple in a Russian except that
we have several features.
So the good news is actually that the class that we're about to use to build and train this multiple
in our regression model is actually the exact same class as for the simple in our regression model it
will just recognize that there are several features and therefore that we are doing multiple in our
regression but the rest will be exactly the same.
It will be trained to understand the correlations between all your features actually I can open it here
all your features and the profit which has really been invaluable.
And then it will take care of the dummy variable trap and it will also take care of selecting the best
features are the most statistically significant.
So that's the good news but still I just want to implement this again from scratch to make sure it is
best integrated in your head.
All right so let's close this and let's implement are multiple in our regression model.
Actually tried to do it faster than me try to do it before me you know you can press both on this video
and do it and me I'm gonna do it pretty efficiently.
So remember we have to start from the SDK learn the cycle learn library from which we're going gonna
get access to this specific module which is linear model.
There we go.
Google cool app guesses it perfectly.
And from this module we're going to import Well the linear regression class Google collab guess is again
perfectly all right.
So that's the exact same class as in the produce section.
Simple in our regression and there you go.
We're gonna do just exactly the same you know this is exactly the same as what we did in the previous
section because now we're going to create a new variable which will be are multiple in our regression
model which will be created as an object of this linear regression class.
So let's introduce this new variable regress our equals.
Well since this will be an object of the linear regression class I'm just copying this class and pasting
in here and adding some parenthesis.
All right so that regressive is created as an instance of this linear regression class.
Now the question is do we have to enter any parameters here.
Well just like simple in our regression the answer is no.
We're just gonna keep the default values of the parameters inside this linear regression class and there
is absolutely no need to understand them you can check them out in the documentation if you want but
usually when we're building a multiple in our regression mural there is not much parameter to tune.
I will explain in a whole section parameter tuning.
You know when you can improve your model but for linear regression it's pretty simple.
So usually we don't have anything to input here.
So all good.
And now final step you know with this line of code we actually built the multiple in our regression
model so we had them all already on only right now it is done you know it is not trained yet on the
data set.
So now we're gonna make it smart by training it's indeed on our training set composed of remember extra
and NY train.
So there we go.
Let's take our regress or object from which we're going to call the fit method which takes us input.
Right.
Exactly the same as before.
First the matrix of feature is X train.
And second the dependent variable vector Y train of the training set of course.
All right.
And that's it.
This line of code will build our multiple in the regression model.
And this line of code will train it on our training set.
All right.
Perfect.
So now let's just execute the sale.
So let me check the sales that we didn't execute before so we executed everything up to here.
So we still have to execute this sell you know to split.
Indeed the data sent into the training set and tested.
And now we had the training set and therefore we can proceed to this next step to train the multiple
in our regression model on the training set.
So here we go.
Let's do it.
Clicking play and there we go.
We now have a fully trained linear regression model on this data set.
Now we have a model that was trained to understand the correlations between different types of spends
by 50 startups and their profits so that now investors can deploy this model on new startups in order
to break what profit they will generate based on these informations.
All right.
Perfect.
So congratulations.
Now let's recap you know three things.
Thanks to this amazing linear regression class you don't have to worry about the dummy variable trap.
You don't either have to worry about selecting the best feature as meaning the fishers with the highest
p value or the most statistically significant.
The linear regression class will take care of that as well.
And also you know how to build and train a multiple in your regression model on a dataset which you
also know how to pre process like a pro.
All right.
So we're now going to move on to the last step which will be to predict the test results.
Because remember that so far our model was trained on the training set and therefore we still need to
check its performance on new observations which are contained in the test set.
However here we have to understand something important you know compared to what we did in the previous
section on simple in our regression this time we actually have several features right.
We actually have four features instead of one like before and therefore we can not actually plot a graph
like we did in simple in our regression where you know we have the features in the x axis and the dependent
variable in the y axis because simply there are four features we would need actually a five dimensional
graph which is not possible to visualize as humans.
So what we're gonna do instead you know instead of visualizing the test results on a plot well we will
actually display two vectors.
The first one is the vectors of the real profits in the test set.
And remember that the test that actually counts for 20 percent of the whole dataset and therefore sits
here there are no actually 50 observations corresponding to the 50 stories.
Well 20 percent of 50 will be 10 observations in the test.
So we will actually have 10 samples in a test and we will display two vectors.
First the vector of the 10 real profits from the test set.
You know the 10 the ground truth and a second vector of the 10 predicted profits of the same test set
so that we can compare for each startup of the test set.
If our predicted profit is close to the real profit and that's how we will you know evaluate our model
and then later on in this part you will actually learn about some evaluation techniques to measure better
the performance of your regression models with some relevant metrics.
But so far this is how we will do it.
We will clearly see if you know our model performs well on your observations you know on the test set
because we will clearly see if the predictions are closed to the real results.
Okay.
So you can try to do it yourself at least the first step which is to get the vector of predicted profits.
But then in order to display the two vectors next to each other.
Well we'll have to use some 7 tricks which are not necessarily obvious so we'll do that together.
All right.
So as soon as you're ready let us proceed to next sartorial.
And until then enjoy machine learning.